c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTask.baml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTaskView.baml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\Caret.baml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\CustomKeyboard.baml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\KeyboardController.baml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\KeyboardSample.baml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTask.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTaskView.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\Caret.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\CustomKeyboard.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\KeyboardController.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\KeyboardSample.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard_Content.g.cs
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.g.resources
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\TestKeyboard.xml
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\TestKeyboard.exe
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\TestKeyboard.pdb
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.exe
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.pdb
c:\users\benny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Resources\CustomStyles.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.exe
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.pdb
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\TestKeyboard.xml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\TestKeyboard.exe
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\TestKeyboard.pdb
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTask.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTaskView.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\Caret.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\CustomKeyboard.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\KeyboardController.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\KeyboardSample.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Resources\CustomStyles.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.baml
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTask.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTaskView.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\Caret.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\CustomKeyboard.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\KeyboardController.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\KeyboardSample.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard_Content.g.cs
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard_MarkupCompile.cache
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.g.resources
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\TestKeyboard.Properties.Resources.resources
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
J:\Bachelor\Alex\TestKeyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\Resources\icon.png
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\TestKeyboard.xml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTask.baml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTaskView.baml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\Caret.baml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\CustomKeyboard.baml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\KeyboardController.baml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\KeyboardSample.baml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTask.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\EditTaskView.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\Caret.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\CustomKeyboard.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\Keyboard\KeyboardController.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\KeyboardSample.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\WPFKeyboard.exe
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\bin\Debug\WPFKeyboard.pdb
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\WPFKeyboard_Content.g.cs
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\WPFKeyboard_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\WPFKeyboard_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\WPFKeyboard.g.resources
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\WPFKeyboard.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\WPFKeyboard.exe
D:\Programme\GitHub\WPF-Keyboard\TestKeyboard\obj\Debug\WPFKeyboard.pdb
